You are talking nonsense, when will you promise to change?
If you come forward, don't throw it away.
I, Gu Hongtian, was born as the eldest son of the Gu family.
The effect is hundreds of billions.
If you have money, you can think big,
Besides me, there is also your man on the back.
He's my security brother
You and this security guard are not enough
Of course they are a couple
you are still here now
In order to reject me
is to find one
Such a small security guard
What's small?
I'll send you to the group security captain here.
Where can I choose from the east?
You are talking to me like this out of a sense of security
Do you believe it or not?
I can tell the difference even if I keep calling
You need to pay attention
My brother-in-law just
Let these people
Everything went bankrupt or something?
You said that they went bankrupt because he was wrong?
They obviously offended me when they went bankrupt.
The noisy people who have passed the red sky
We will accelerate his bankruptcy
It was you who made me
My Gu family is originally from Jincheng City.
Business giant
with you little ones
Jiangcheng family
I've been with you from the beginning
What's more, recently
Our Gu family got the Dragon King to sit down
Use Lord Lu’s vehicle in red
Enter the Dragon King Mirror
For Lu, for adults and villains, aunt
The Gu family was right to wish the Dragon King Mirror
I am now the Dragon King Mirror's
Adhere to your habits and follow the rules, Mr. Gu
I just said that I spoke too loudly to Mr. Su.
Said I would wait a moment
Don't argue with the rest of us
Please replace me with the Li family, the eldest son, the eldest son Gu, the economics and the younger one to marry.
I also ask you to carry out the case quickly.
The adults don't care about the villain's faults
Let's fight, let's decide on the price
My only mistake is to scare people away from selling.
die immediately
Come, come, every day, every day, every day
The Dragon King Palace always kills people decisively.
It cannot be changed at all
Just be good
If my unmarried period comes now
I will look up to the wind for you
The uncle of the Dragon King Palace is also a hemp educator
what did you say
Who will pick it up?
That’s all
It’s okay if you don’t care about me abroad.
The more you accept this part, the more likely you are to be from the Dragon King Palace.
How many people are you looking for from me?
Sorry
I am a person who tells the truth
I'll definitely know you later
I'm a piece of trash and suffering.
You stinky Baoan, you dare to scold me
So I say you are a stinky baby
If you are still talking, please go to the palace and let me do it.
This is the boyfriend you're looking for, right?
He is ten million times better than before
You open your mouth and compare your words to the Dragon King Palace every day
Who knows if it's true or not?
After all, the Dragon King Palace is the tenth day of Kyushu
I lost this one
only supreme organization
Do you suspect Lin Suoyin to be careful?
So today I want to invite
You will be greatly prosperous in the country of Horses
Judge Minghong of Dragon King Palace